hello everyone my name is nilsor and
welcome to my vault today on fallout new
vegas 101 we're going to have a more
in-depth look at the combat mechanic in
the game to fight is fairly easy
you get yourself a weapon you strike it
just damage and hopefully it kills your
target while you remain alive but if you
take a closer look on how damage is
calculated it becomes more complex even
if you don't really need to know
everything to understand what weapon you
should use factors for combat you need
to consider eight factors the type of
your weapon the damage that it deals its
condition GMOs that you're using your
perks and traits gamma resistance of
your opponents in the use of the vats
the type of your weapon is going to be
ranged melee or long range allows to
target specific part of the body and
great bonus for headshot many an unarmed
can perform special attack noises that
can great bonus to damage such as the
uppercut as a ranger take down the
damage that your weapon does is
indicated on your pit board which is
calculated with your skill and the
condition of your weapon conditions
decay when you're using the weapon and
can be rest only when talking to certain
vendors the more in the repair skills
those vendors have the more they will be
able to fully repair your weapon the
most heroes can have special attributes
for example the ten millimeter round is
a low point he's doing 1.75 more damage
than the normal ten millimeter Glock but
it also multiplies the damage threshold
of the target by three some perks and
traits are going to influence your
critically chance are either burners to
damage the train fixed like the better
critical or ninja perks
ammo resistance is composed of damaged
fresh old and damaged resistance
DT is indicated on the armor URL it is a
fat reduction of damage meaning that if
you shut your circle damage will target
DT
then you can only do 20 the DT can
reduce damage down to 20% if the damage
is reduced follow the red shield will up
here if you bypass the DT it will be at
a broken right sure the more damage you
will do in a single shot the more you
will be able to bypass your enemies DT
which is why when you are opposed to a
heavy armored enemy you should use a
weapon with a V damage and on the
contrary if you are faced with multiple
enemies you should use a weapon with
high DPS but not necessarily high damage
damage resistance is the percentage that
is reduced from what's left of the
damage with a precedent example if the
target has a damage resistance of 10 the
20 damage is going to be reduced by 10%
meaning that the shredder will
ultimately do 18 damage gr can reduce up
to 85% thats grants an additional 5%
chance to do a critical good your
initial critical hit chance depends on
your luck and some perks
let's permit the use of melee and allow
special armor attacks it is possible to
perform a power attack when you are not
using the mouths by holding the attack
button while charging at your enemy this
type of attack doesn't add any special
effect except from doubling the base
damage of the weapon using melee or
unarmed weapons the vats also double its
base damage calculation first
Dame needs to be calculated as for
damage skill and condition are
calculated on your weapons bit voltage
power doubles the damage from melee or
unarmed weapon if you use your maths
outperform for attack using apply a
modifier from your enemy and add your
bonus points from your strengths when
you're using any weapon or from your
unarmed skills when using enough records
after that the dam is adjusted legs
mission is a modifier to apply if you
are using a special melee or animal
attack like a pocket then the game
calculates the bonus damage in case you
perform a critical hit after that is
included how much your company's armor
is going to affect real time and finally
the CDR show how much is left of your
attack after applying the damage
resistance finally other modifiers are
included they say add the modifier if
you perform the stick attack that you've
remained high dermal attacking it is of
truthful range
and five four million or an armed attack
a chest check if she did her headshot
with a range weapon which multiplies by
2 DM integrates the influence of the
difficulty level from - I'm very easy to
0.5 on very hard and then the impacts of
drugs and chemicals after all that the
final damage are finally applied to a
target throughout the game
don't hesitate to try different types of
weapon shooting with a rocket launcher
blasting through your enemies with the
gating laser or smashing the opponent's
head procures different feelings and you
might want to try them out before
finding which one's your favorite now if
you would like to learn more about the
very first time of the game fix the link
thank you for watching and see you late
you